A graduate student fell over.
I want to go home...
Home is the best.
I don't want to study.
A Stupid guy.
fuck you.
Huh? is this real?
Ay i will kindly revenge
I like charicter Koongya.
The cute characture called Chunsik ran away.
Can't think of anything funny.
Today, I enjoyed a grilled meat party with friends in the pouring rain from the sky.
Tomorrow, I'm going on a magpie thief exploration with my girlfriend.
Sometimes, while riding a bicycle, I have conversations with immortal characters from fairy tales.
I want to go on an underwater trip with the fish this weekend.
While studying English, I am also learning to play the violin.
I had a fun time with my friends at a wasp wrestling tournament.
Every morning, I meditate while building a pyramid.
Tomorrow, I'm going to search for the Little Mermaid with my friends in the sea.
I have sung passionately in a noraebang while fighting.
This weekend, I am gathering friends to go on a moon exploration by riding a hovercraft.
I always think that riding a bicycle while changing only my hat and glasses could be a new life.
In the evening with my friends, we had a delightful dinner as the magician's maid in the oyster.
Every night before falling asleep, I memorize words and play a strange word game in my dreams.
Tomorrow, I am planning to visit Alice's country by taking a spaceship with my friends.
Whenever I sing, I enjoy pretending to be a dinosaur in my mind.
This weekend, I want to go on an underwater journey with fishes and enjoy scuba diving.
I have fun playing a game with my friends where we escape a maze in the morning.
Sometimes, when I eat a banana, I imagine myself traveling by plane in my head.
Today, I played with a cat in the witch's forest with my friends to cool down from the heat.
Tomorrow, I am planning to time travel with a wizard.
Since childhood, I have always dreamed of traveling through space while riding a dragon.
This weekend, I decided to explore the deep sea with whales.
Sometimes, I unintentionally turn into a dinosaur while eating food.
Tomorrow, I am going to have a wrestling competition with artificial intelligence robots with my friends.
I usually ride both a bicycle and a skateboard at the same time.
This weekend, I have planned to explore a different planet in space by taking a spaceship.
Sometimes, I imagine myself flying like a bird while riding my bicycle.
Tomorrow, my friends and I have decided to fly to space in an electric car.
I usually play blackjack while riding my bicycle.
This weekend, I am going to explore space together by riding a hovercraft.
Sometimes, I time travel in my head while riding my bicycle.
Tomorrow, my friends and I are going to participate in a car race.
I usually try to grow a rabbit in my bag while riding my bicycle.
This weekend, I plan to visit a space station by riding a helicopter.
Sometimes, I imagine traveling anywhere while riding a sea turtle.
A chicken flew around in a spaceship and cried out.
In heaven, a rabbit rides a bicycle and catches fish.
A duck operated a computer and dominated the world.
A turtle flew a plane and traveled across the desert.
A red banana talked with an alien on a tree.
A fire was lit by a stag beetle with an angel.
A dolphin is surfing the internet with a cellphone.
An ant left to find a happy tree and travel the world.
A mudfish won the lottery.
A cow dreamed of closing its eyes and picking stars.
The members of the young, famous k-pop girl group "Newzens"  discovered an unknown planet while observing space on a spaceship.
The singer IU danced and sang with angels on the moon.
Eve dominated the world with a brilliant glow.
The members of Big Bang ruled Apgujeong with passion and energy.
The members of famous boy group BTS controlled the sun and moon on stage and danced.
Young, famous k-pop girl group "Newzens" left on many adventures with numerous aliens to find a lost planet in space.
The singer IU traveled the world, singing the song of love and saving humanity.
GIRL GROUP "EVE" created a new universe by manipulating time and space.
The members of Big Bang changed world history by time traveling.
The members of famous boy group BTS created new music while picking stars in the Milky Way.
Pretending to exist in a non-existent world is what Leonardo DiCaprio's acting is all about.
If you want to ride in a car driven by Adam Driver, take the airplane piloted by Denzel Washington.
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie's divorce might be due to the fact that BLACKPINK's Jennie didn't dance at their wedding.
Was Kevin Spacey accused because he didn't run his nephew's errands?
Whenever Tom Hardy closes his eyes during his acting, he squeezes your heart.
Although Carrie Fisher has been gone for a long time, her impression is still alive and breathing in our hearts.
Bruce Willis seems to always be moving forward in his life, just like the action skills he displays in movies.
Kate Blanchett gives us an infinite world of imagination with her acting skills.
Leonardo DiCaprio is just as passionate about saving the earth as he is about acting in movies.
Tom Cruise seems to love stunts more than acting, and his brave spirit inspires us.
Nothing is as cool as what Brad Pitt says. His voice is like an angel's whisper.
Kate Winslet is not only an actress but also a human who gives us hope and courage.
If John Lennon were still alive, he would have created the world we dreamed of.
Charlize Theron captivates us not only with her beauty but also with her passion and skill on stage.
The Quiett shares his experiences and wisdom with us while rapping.
Adam Levine's melody opens the door to heaven.
Emma Watson is highly praised not only for her acting skills but also for her role as a women's rights activist.
Ryan Reynolds, who plays Deadpool, brings us a hot laughter.
Scarlett Johansson is a true hero, not only for her role as Black Widow in the Marvel Cinematic Universe but also in real life.
Michael Jordan is a figure who brings passion and success to our lives, just as much as basketball does.
A bald middle-age asian man is talking about self pity.
A beard Asian man is rolling his eyes and shoutting.
Sad because of the low stock but pretending not. 